# Slideshow Player
A HTML / JavaScript powered slideshow viewer. Generates and plays image slideshows using submissions from various art sites. Visit the link below to enjoy your own personalized slideshow today!

https://mirceakitsune.github.io/slideshow_player

# Notice
Slideshow Player works by scanning supported websites for posts, retrieving the direct links of files, then embedding them using HTML elements generated by the player. As such keep in mind that:

- None of the content is redistributed outside of the browser cache. Using this software is the equivalent of viewing a submission from its page on the website that hosts it.
- The player tries to display accurate information about each item: Submission details and author credits should be shown for the active item while the player is running. Note that this functionality is limited by the API of each website: If you don't see the author name or a link to the original post, the source most likely doesn't provide this information.
- The developers are not responsible for the content on any of the supported websites. If you encounter submissions which you believe should not be there, please contact the administration of the site in cause.
- Some sources may contain NSFW material. You can leave the NSFW checkbox disabled to tell websites to serve only safe content. We are in no way responsible for what people watch nor how others choose to use this software!
- The code is optimized to network as little data as possible from websites, using the public API provided by those sites. If you believe this software is causing an unjustified amount of traffic, please notify us so that we may investigate any potential bugs in the player.

# Credits
The core programming (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) was done by MirceaKitsune. The icon was created by GDJ.

This project is fully licensed under the CC0 / Public Domain license.
